# IDEAS

- Risk dashboard = a company wide and additional project level risk uis for risk management at the company and project level. Details a RAID backlog, and also a impact, liklihood etc ui as well as other diagrams, docs (using google OKF), to visualise manage risks and make the details available to the BPMO/ontology. Note: this is a subview of the larger graph, a focused view of strategic related entities, entriched through OKF and/or RFD comments (or similar).

- Can we create a lean canvas in a sub section of the CE. It should be a defined UI (meaning looking like a lean canvas), competitiors, okrs, channels, etc, the common 11 lean canvas entities that form a strategy on a page for an org. The entities in the columns are powered by Googles OKF wiki format. This way in the ui, you can have an entity like a channel eg web, and then when clicked it can open a modal which has the okf markdown file giving a full detailed explination. We can also have a product canvas in the projects space. Note: this is a subview of the larger graph, a focused view of strategic related entities, entriched through OKF and/or RFD comments (or similar).

- Strategy graph = a company level strategy on a page/in a graph, with aims, initiatives, owners etc. Research and aggregate common board/director/head of level strategy concepts and relational models, and diagraming techniques and merge them into this view. Uses OKF to add additional detail to items. Uses predefined okf types to help generate the ui and manage items, relationships etc. This could be like the lean canvas above, or an alternative view to the same content.Note: this is a subview of the larger graph, a focused view of strategic related entities, entriched through OKF and/or RFD comments (or similar).

- Ontology meets Google OKF - the entities listed in the ontology are simple concepts, thin definitions without documentation and explination. Can we use the OKF and markdown to add documentation for them. Then when you click in the graph onto a concept, it can feature not only the SKOS glossary definitions but a detailed explination for the entity in the right hand aside. This would mean the OKF frontmatter types and other metadata will have to map neatly onto the URI, concept etc. But it should allow for in depth documentation of items beyon just the simple releationships. Im not sure how it fits with the BPMO though, where there would be overlap, conflicts or duplicate/overlapping documentation, it could be wasteful. I wonder if OKF vs RDF (et-al) comments work better. You need to assess and analyse, not just agree, think about the level of complexity this may add and therefor the potential pitfals or admin, performance or similar burdens. The detail would be useful, but at what cost. What does OKF add that the existing ontological languages do not have.

- Automations can show up in the graph detailing the automation, much like an app would show up as a system in the graph. The automation steps, the process it automates, who is contacted, what data is used, what systems are queries, all documented in the graph

- Spotify Backstage - this is a great example of a system catalog. I can help feeling we need some sort of port of this in the Weave platform. Something that has links to the systems, the documentation, swagger/docker interactive uis for testing/querying the ui, listing team members etc. This is managed via a yml file in the github/gitlab repo in backstage, we could use similar and use it to add detail from and to the graph, allowing us to analyse the repos, code and help to find relationships, behaviours and links to docs, helping to create the ontology in the first place.

- The graph UX - because this will become large and complex, using 3d, moving between strata, or borrowing from the C4 model and having collapsed items until clicked and focused would help. For example, click on a process and it then folds out, expands with the steps, flow, and items in the process connects to the other items like data when relevant

- What if build is a meta harness - we provide it prospective tools, approaches, and let it build the harness based on the rpojrcts needs within some standards. For example, we might provide thoughts on how tomanage context, workflows to approach problems, tech stacks and standards, testing approaches, security sign off procedures, all aligning on different approapiate stacks that can be composed together based on the project needs. Then the init phase of build is to build and test the custom harness. The memories, PDAC and improvement loops/features can then refine and improve the project harness thereafter, while the meta harness is refined by the weave self-improvement engine.

- Harness Token efficiency: It's heavy, strict workflow with many steps (potentially visual inspections etc) and should be more token efficient, especially as models improve over time.

- The harness: JTBD.md and the design agent should be triggered earlier as part of the PO step. The requirements and JTBD should be complimentary and extend, inform and expanding each other. UX would also establish the personas, taking that from the PO, and doing so once the use cases of the app, some of the requirements and jtbd are understood, however best approached or logical. They would produce "The Four Forces Map" in the documentation to inform the product brief, mission, product rationale, JTBD, roadmap sequencing. A Universal Job Map may be produced in the spec documentation as well as UX would also product a user flow diagram, detailing the interactions and flow of the user through the application based around the various personas, the JTBD and the systems/pages they interact with, as well as automated/system flows. The roadmap would also be influence. We may wish to split the design agent in two. One is a UX and the other design. UX would run a section of the PRD elaboration, a elicitation workshop to establish JTBD. They might also begin the process of defining a visual direction through researching competition, similar websites and visual designs that can be harvested, produce mocked designs to inform design direction, once enought JTBD exist. JTBD become user stories, aligned with Functional requirement statements in the PRD. The UX can do the JTBD in the PO phase, based of the brief. In combination, they should be asserting we are building the right thing, solving the real problems etc. The UX may request SME interviews and feedback, creating markdown questionaires (or similar if can be improved) for the SME. This UX role and design components would be gated behind a request informing if the product requires a ui or visual design [eg. check - IF TASK IS UI-BEARING]. Note: In the weave platform, the questionaires/interview tool in the platform would be the tool used to derive the SME information/interviews. Note #2: this would require updates or additions to the spec-templates.

- /implement should be instructed to focus on unblocking dependancies in terms of selecting which tasks to action, and should be prompted to work on 5 tasks at a time when possible.

- Peiodic loops should be made part of the harness. The can be added by arguments in the implement command:
    - Restart on next task if not in progress every 5 hours, picking up 5 paralel agents
    - Compact every 30mins
    - Check main ci pipeline and fix as needed every 5 hours

- We need to capture metadata when ingesting or recieving updates/mutations to the onotlogy. also to events, automations, etc.

- Analytics for the platform - post v1

- A light, cheap, AWS Architecture? Can we use cheaper things to RDS, Neptune etc?