Hello, welcome to Blue Shift. So, Blue Shift is a agent that is capable of building applications for you, but it should at the same time have a broad organisational context so that the agents that it builds, the products that it builds are fit for purpose. So, uh, sign in with SSO or similar. Um, once you're in, you're greeted with a dashboard. The dashboard will give you information as to all of the various projects that are ongoing, any recent activity, um, any uh, issues around token spend, um, and any proposals from a self-improvement agent called Polaris. So it's a single painter glass. You can see what's going on. At its core, there will be an interface, chat interface such as this that allows you to kick off a project. You'd be able to sort of build anything from an idea into a business case that allows you to create an initiative, and get that signed off from stakeholders, or alternatively, if you're in a product project space, then you'd be able to kick off the building of a specification, and then afterwards the actual implementation of that specification. So some sort of application of some description. Um, to the right, you'd have all sorts of useful information that supports the project itself or the specification as it's being built and what initiatives and things like that, it relates to any stakeholders and whatever else. Um, jumping into workspaces, this is where you've got a view of all of the various workspaces across the organisation, so all of the projects that are going on in effect. Once you go into those, uh, you get to see the uh, the active projects within that workspace. So you might have many small specifications that are being implemented at one given time. This would allow for a product owner to constantly be iterating on several specs at the same time or the product owner, the architect and the general sort of program level team, and then handing it over to teams that they can then go and implement those with the assistance of an agent. You can also at this level see the specifications, so the lifecycle of those. So are they in review? Are they approved? Are you still drafting them? Uh, and uh, you'd be able to click through to get um, um, sort of view as to what that specification happens to look like, um, the expected timelines, things of that sort of nature. So who is reviewing all of that? Uh, the uh, the wiki level, this is uh, more of an articulation of the project itself. So any of the capabilities, any of the services that it would interact with architectural decisions, run books, any of the supporting material like the anatomy of the project. So this would be useful specifically for agents themselves. If you have an anatomy of a project, it would describe all of the files, all of the functions in those files, and a semantic explanation is to watch each of those mean. Therefore, when an agent comes to try and execute on something, it can traverse that singular file, find everything that it needs to, and deliver high quality code rather than just guessing at what exists in the code base or spending 100s of tokens, attempting to establish that same level of understanding. Enhancements is delivered via a um, agent that would be running in the background, so it'll be able to sort of observe logs that are associated with the deployments of that given project and suggest improvements. So it's constantly observing and looking at errors or behaviours that could perhaps be remediated or fixed. And then obviously at the project level, you've got a settings page that allows you to look at the project costs, sets and budget caps, assigned members and roles, establish policies at that level. So how you handle data residency, uh, PII, uh, things of that sort of nature. There's also integrations. So let's say that you do not want all of your tasks to exist at the level of blue shift. You could instead integrate with Jira and have it sort of federate all of those tasks out. Blue shift still remains the single source of truth though. So they are just replications of that sort of data. You also have environment. So you would need to go and set up any API keys ahead of the agent going into deploying anything. So this is a mechanism where you can add those environments, add those keys. And then in AWS in the background, this just gets sent straight out to secrets manager or something of that nature. You've also got data classifications so that we can start reasoning about the various domains, the company level rules that exist around those pieces of data that would be used within that project. notifications around it so you can set up when you would get triggered with budget alerts and things of that nature. And then some sort of articulation of the cascading nature of the requirements that make up this project. So, you might have some company level policies, some domain level policies, some workspace level policies, or project level policies, and you'd be able to create those via an inheritance chain. Inside of a project itself, uh, you get a bit of a view as to what's been going on in that sort of low level project. Um, and you are also able to have a look at a Camban view, so you'll be able to see a point in time, uh, view of what is going on, what is running currently. Uh, and then if you were a human, you might be able to drag an item that is further down the stack into um, in progress and it would uh, automatically inherit the dependency trace, it would drop it where it can next be actioned by the agent for you. rather than just breaking the flow. Um, You'd also be able to have a look at the various specifications and see what's in draft, what's reviewed again. A console that's giving you a log of everything that the agent's doing at that time. And then if something's going wrong or it's going off in a direction that you're not particularly happy with, some sort of uh, replan mechanism so you can give it a uh, instruction and a level of criticality and say this needs to be fixed by the agent before it can proceed or go to production. So that's workspaces. Organisations. So this is the bit that I think is the least likely to be ever cannibalised by any external party. This is the sort of true value proposition of the um, the blue shift product. But, um, You get an organisational view. So you've got an idea of the domains, the capabilities, the data that exists within those domains, and the service inventory that is associated with those domains. This way the agent is able to sort of look across the ecosystem, see what exists very quickly. It would be able to jump into the associated GitHub repositories and find information as to the open API specification or documentation that exists in those repositories, and that would allow it to not sort of reinvent the wheel or better rationalise the ecosystem that exists within when it's building out a specification specifically, perhaps to some degree when it's building something out, but everything should have happened prior to that. Also at the organisation level. You can set a constitution. So this is any number of documents. This is just an illustration of some of those that you might have in there. But you could have documents that relate to compliance, legal obligations, security, branding, tone of voice, strategy, that exists across the organisation, uh, a glossary of terms that um, are associated with the organisation, um, ontologies, so how everything sort of interrelates uh, the policies that govern things, uh, C4 model for that service inventory again, so how these systems interact with each other, their current sort of makeup. Um, and all of this would exist inside of a GIT repository. So as the agent updates things. These pieces of documentation can live in line with and be updated in line with the changes that go on inside of the agent. You can also articulate the business processes that exist across the company, at the various domains, the intersection of those domains and things of that nature. Again, this is all about making sure that the agent has all of the information that it would logically need to be effective when affecting change across the organisation. Same goes for data governance. So what rules exist, what data exists, like warehouses and your semantic layers, all of that sort of stuff. Obviously, this will relate back to ontologies and things of that nature as well. And you can also set up all of the various domains and how things relate to your domain within there. Ops is where you would look at, oh, I did, there's also a network view inside of organisation, so you can have a look at how everything sort of interrelates the dependency graphs and things of that nature, which is very useful for agents. They have substantial token saving benefits if they're able to rationalise across relationships in this sort of manner without having to traverse files. So having something of this nature would allow it to be more effective. Um, Operations. So this is um, a way of getting all of the logs that exist for the deployments into the agent and having the agent sort of surface those, and at the click of a button allow you to actually fix any of those incidents, so an agent will be able to spin up and effect that change. Um, very, very useful for, uh, yeah, the run capability. Uh, releases as well, um, being able to sort of articulate when something is planned for release any of its uh, downstream dependence. So if there were an outage that is because of an upstream, this ops agent isn't necessarily attempting to fix things or providing notifications or similar, it can better rationalise as to what's going on across the ecosystem and not spam people with a necessary information. Polaris is an interesting entity. It is a agent that is able to improve blue shift itself. So it can look at the interactions with the blue shift ecosystem, and it will rationalise as to reasons why it is not working as effectively as perhaps it could, and propose changes, so you'd be able to A, B, split testings, or look at proposals across agent councils, and get a review. And then you could hit some sort of apply, which would have an agent that then goes and opens a PR with a change to a prompt, change to the harness in some way, shape, or form. Uh, Underpinning that is things like sentiment analysis. So when a human is speaking to the agent or is demanding changes to a specification. If you have some degree of sentiment analysis, you'll be able to determine that somebody is getting frustrated or otherwise, and therefore infer that something needs to change in this sort of area or space or essentially detect that the agent is underperforming. Similarly, if we can have from the very start some sort of quality metrics around specifications, their completeness, the level of satisfaction of a human of those specifications, the correctness, accuracy, et cetera, this all feeds into Polaris, providing useful and meaningful improvements to the platform itself. Polaris itself also is the entity that you saw in the workspaces area. So when we were looking at the enhancements area, it's the same sort of mechanism just applied to a different data set. And then there's the audit trail. So having some sort of audit trail that is, um, yeah, uh, locked that no agent could ever alter or uh, tamper with this. It would allow for improve compliance and governance, you'd be able to rerun any behaviour or action that an agent took and remediate accordingly or provide it for any sort of regulatory compliance requirements. Finally, there's the organisational settings, so you can turn on and off various agents, different skills. You can set up the permissions for the system itself, who has access in, et cetera, any integrations at the sort of top level. Um, yeah, audit retention, things of that sort of nature. The settings that were at the workspace level were rather similar. But when it comes to integrations, it will be effectively mapping a slack channel, a gira board or similar in pager duty or whatever else. But anyway, that's a blue shift in a nutshell. Um, yeah, there's there's more to it than that, but uh, hopefully that's a really good overview.